leadership requires you to listen, especially to the people. You are subordinate
to you If you don't listen to them, you have no perspective
on what they're exactly having to deal with. There are times where
you are going to have to go with what you believe is right, despite
what your subordinates think. And being able to do that is important,
too, and have. But having a balance between listening to your subordinates
and then being able to make a decision. Using the information
you have in the information that's being given to you is essential
way often. Think of leaders just operating in a vacuum, but I really
think they've just surrounded themselves with people that can give
them good advice, and they themselves. The leaders are very good
at parsing that advice and then making the decisions necessary for
whatever type of position they're in.